README.md, before:

# lilybot
A discord bot written from scratch, utilizing Discord.js and Node.js

---- cmdspls ----

ready?,are you ready, kids?,i can't hear you! -
         invites a corresponding response from lilybot
         
good morning, good evening -
         invites a corresponding response from lilybot, in Japanese
         
ty -
         be welcomed
         
noot noot -
         be nooted in return
         
\nani,\??? -
         recieve a corresponding meme containing an inquisitive fellow
         
here come dat [insert word] -
         oh shit waddup!
         
\d4 -
         ??
         
kms, kys -
         invites lilybot to agree heartily
         
\lenny -
         ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
         
ping -
         pong!
         
??? -
         ???
         
oh hot reservoir, o hot reservoir -
         invites lilybot to finish the meme
         
oh hot damn, o hot damn -
         STRAAAWBERRRY JAAAAAAAAAAM (make sure you join the audio channel using joinvoice first!)
         
\jump -
         what? jumping isn't allowed gtfo
         
\squeesh -
         generates a random squeesh face. kyuuuuuun! (> v <
         
\js [code] -
         execute as much javascript as can fit in one line. ganbatte!
         
\cmdpls,\cmdspls -
         get commands for lilybot
         
\joinvoice -
         tells lilybot to join the first voice channel in the server
         
\jam -
         queue up some strawberry jam (use \joinvoice first!)
         
\loop [times] [url/keywords] -
         loops the given url the given number of times. (requires "lilybot Admin") (use \joinvoice first!)
         
\kaomoji -
         generates a random kaomoji/lenny
         
\pickanumber,\pickanumber [number] -
         starts a new number game, picking a number between 1 and <number>. If no <number> is specified then lilybot will default to 100.
         
\guess [number] -
         places a guess of <number> towards the number game.

Commit message:

Adding in commands from \cmdspls

README.md, after:

# lilybot
A discord bot written from scratch, utilizing Discord.js and Node.js

*some commands require that the server also uses the separate "discoid" bot*

---- cmdspls ----

ready?,are you ready, kids?,i can't hear you! -
         invites a corresponding response from lilybot
         
good morning, good evening -
         invites a corresponding response from lilybot, in Japanese
         
ty -
         be welcomed
         
noot noot -
         be nooted in return
         
\nani,\??? -
         recieve a corresponding meme containing an inquisitive fellow
         
here come dat [insert word] -
         oh shit waddup!
         
\d4 -
         ??
         
kms, kys -
         invites lilybot to agree heartily
         
\lenny -
         ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
         
ping -
         pong!
         
??? -
         ???
         
oh hot reservoir, o hot reservoir -
         invites lilybot to finish the meme
         
oh hot damn, o hot damn -
         STRAAAWBERRRY JAAAAAAAAAAM (make sure you join the audio channel using joinvoice first!)
         
\jump -
         what? jumping isn't allowed gtfo
         
\squeesh -
         generates a random squeesh face. kyuuuuuun! (> v <
         
\js [code] -
         execute as much javascript as can fit in one line. ganbatte!
         
\cmdpls,\cmdspls -
         get commands for lilybot
         
\joinvoice -
         tells lilybot to join the first voice channel in the server
         
\jam -
         queue up some strawberry jam (use \joinvoice first!)
         
\loop [times] [url/keywords] -
         loops the given url the given number of times. (requires "lilybot Admin") (use \joinvoice first!)
         
\kaomoji -
         generates a random kaomoji/lenny
         
\pickanumber,\pickanumber [number] -
         starts a new number game, picking a number between 1 and <number>. If no <number> is specified then lilybot will default to 100.
         
\guess [number] -
         places a guess of <number> towards the number game.
